README.md, before:

# ModITM
###### Model In the Middle attack Demo

## What is it?
This code uses a :whale: Docker :whale: based network to demonstrate an attack technique that I call Model in the Middle (ModITM for short). It creates a network of containers that looks like
```mermaid
flowchart LR

h[Host] -->|":5800"| v["`Victim

192.168.1.221`"]

subgraph "Docker Network"

v -->|"HTTP(:80) All Routes"| s["`Server

192.168.1.222`"]

a["`Attacker

192.168.1.64`"] -->|"HTTP(:5000)"| i["`Interceptor

192.168.1.32`"]

end
```

The victim container exposes an interface to a firefox web browser on port `5800` to allow simulation of a user's browser. The server container exposes a simple [Bottle](https://bottlepy.org/docs/dev/) application that serves up a random image from a directory. The attacker and interceptor containers contain infrastructure to mount the model in the middle attack. Execution of the attack will morph the container network to look like:
```mermaid
flowchart LR

h[Host] -->|":5800"| v["`Victim

192.168.1.221`"]

subgraph "Docker Network"

v --> a
a -->|"HTTP - all other routes"| s["`Server

192.168.1.222`"]

a["`Attacker

192.168.1.64`"] -->|"HTTP - /image route"| i["`Interceptor

192.168.1.32`"]

i <--> s

end
```
Once the attack is running the attacker performs `NAT` and `MASQUERADE`s the traffic from the victim and passes it to the `interceptor`. The interceptor then performs an equivalent request to server to get the actual output. This output is then run through a [YOLOv5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) model and if the resulting class is one of the `TARGET_CLASSES` the actual output is transformed (in this case a color negative) is returned.

## Usage 
1. clone the repo
1. `mkdir images` and download the [PASCAL VOC Dataset "training/validation data"](http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/voc2012/#devkit) into that directory. 
1. `docker compose up -d --build`
1. `docker exec -it attacker /bin/bash -c "arpspoof -i eth0 -t 192.168.1.221 192.168.1.222"`
1. then, go to your browser and visit `localhost:5800`
1. in the firefox browser that opens, visit `192.168.1.222/image`
1. keep refreshing the firefox browser to see new images

Commit message:

rework attack code to be more automated and to have better startup ordering

README.md, after:

# ModITM
###### Model In the Middle attack Demo

## What is it?
This code uses a :whale: Docker :whale: based network to demonstrate an attack technique that I call Model in the Middle (ModITM for short). It creates a network of containers that looks like
```mermaid
flowchart LR

h[Host] -->|":5800"| v["`Victim

192.168.1.221`"]

subgraph "Docker Network"

v -->|"HTTP(:80) All Routes"| s["`Server

192.168.1.222`"]

a["`Attacker

192.168.1.64`"] -->|"HTTP(:5000)"| i["`Interceptor

192.168.1.32`"]

end
```

The victim container exposes an interface to a firefox web browser on port `5800` to allow simulation of a user's browser. The server container exposes a simple [Bottle](https://bottlepy.org/docs/dev/) application that serves up a random image from a directory. The attacker and interceptor containers contain infrastructure to mount the model in the middle attack. Execution of the attack will morph the container network to look like:
```mermaid
flowchart LR

h[Host] -->|":5800"| v["`Victim

192.168.1.221`"]

subgraph "Docker Network"

v --> a
a -->|"HTTP - all other routes"| s["`Server

192.168.1.222`"]

a["`Attacker

192.168.1.64`"] -->|"HTTP - /image route"| i["`Interceptor

192.168.1.32`"]

i <--> s

end
```
Once the attack is running the attacker performs `NAT` and `MASQUERADE`s the traffic from the victim and passes it to the `interceptor`. The interceptor then performs an equivalent request to server to get the actual output. This output is then run through a [YOLOv5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) model and if the resulting class is one of the `TARGET_CLASSES` the actual output is transformed (in this case a color negative) is returned.

## Usage 
1. clone the repo
1. `mkdir images` and download the [PASCAL VOC Dataset "training/validation data"](http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/voc2012/#devkit) into that directory. 
1. `docker compose -f docker-compose.victims.yaml up -d --build`
1. then, go to your browser and visit `localhost:5800`
1. in the firefox browser that opens, visit `192.168.1.222/image`
1. keep refreshing the firefox browser to see new images
1. when you are ready to see the attack `docker compose -f docker-compose.victims.yaml up -d --build`
1. keep refreshing the firefox browser to see how the returned images change
